last year we snuck into Casey nice
that's exclusive party at VidCon let's
just say that meeting him wasn't much of
a success the biggest payoff however was
meeting our new friends to the YouTube
channel round 3 who happened to make
videos like this we kept in touch and 10
months later they came to our house in
LA and pitched us some crazy ideas
moving to the water and then just like
launched obviously we were sold and four
months later we made it out to the psi
cable park in Waco Texas will lets them
do all these crazy stunts
[Music]
what that is massive
I'm Chokin see AJ has been working out
for tonight
look like che guevara he kept going
I'm fine up button
[Music]
whatever we got here about 20 minutes
ago Darren's almost died on the
motorcycle you met a new puppy and now
we're gonna go to the ranch at the
center of the ranch a herd like human
slingshot is one of them that's pretty
much all I know
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so here's the plan you have
three hours to mess around and hopefully
have time for the super slide before the
two final stunts for the first finale
Matt Omar and I are gonna jump out of a
helicopter at the same time and second
get pulled by jet ski and catapult it
off as a human slingshot now an
interesting thing to note here is that
this is what the first prototype looked
like
he has rolled out tough first attempt
failure has never tasted so good with no
successful attempts for weeks they
finished this new version the morning of
but had never had time to actually test
it needless to say we were extremely
skeptical but excited
[Music]
[Applause]
that is the cousin so sort we just hit
those massive water slides a lot of us
ate and now we're heading to the other
lake to do more stunts lapse itself odd
encounter
[Music]
all right so this is the moment we've
been waiting for all day
the human slingshot into this lake it's
literally all we came from LA to do so
right now yeah you do it's going so bad
how do I fool the boy the pole you wanna
hang on do not let go until you are in
there right yes if you let go here you
might not go far enough
[Music]
now there's a fine line between risk and
stupidity to the outside world this
probably looks pretty stupid but there
were three other stuntmen that tried it
before us so we assess the risk and
decided to go for it sorry mom
[Music]
[Applause]
take off Superman
[Music]
I've ever done I can't see anything I
got soap in my eyes alright that closes
an insane day here with the boys from
round three she gave a big shout out to
round 3 like they hooked it up so hard
and their videos are really really cool
let's play go check them out they
actually posted a beautifully shot video
of the human slingshot and it hop
already so you should definitely go
check it out see you Thursday yeah
[Music]